Hey, good morning family! I'm excited to
be with y'all again today. I'm going to
do another 'pray with me'video
to
motivate yourself to pray.
I started doing these videos because
one of the main missions of why
God put me on YouTube and what He told
me to do was come on here and pray about
the end times, Israel, and where we are in
the end times.
We can
pray together in the
spirit. I do it
alongside another audience because it
doesn't make it so awkward for me, just
praying by myself on a camera
like this. This is with sister
Billie
Brim and with Lynne Hammond,
and there are a lot of great prayer
warriors that we're going to pray with
today. It's just been on
my heart; I told you all
almost a year ago about one of
the visions that the Lord showed me
about Putin and the escalation of
the war, and that this would not just
stop with Ukraine. The Lord
warned me that there would be a strike
against Poland and that
this would be one of the main things
that escalate into World War III through
Europe. Russia would use a
weapon that's never been used before on
Poland.
I asked the Lord because I
thought it was nuclear, and the Lord told
me, 'This is not a nuclear weapon;
this is a weapon that's never been used before.'It was massive, and
it hit near Warsaw.
It was
a
big city with a 'W'I saw
in the spirit,
but I have an urgency in my spirit
that is trying to
speed up. I
believe we're going to see wars and
rumors of wars.
A lot of
people
wanted to know more about what I
saw regarding DNA codes and
the virus. They're asking if the
medicine is bad. No, I
want everybody to understand what I'm
trying to say here. Like I said,
I'm not coming on here to preach
fear; I'm telling you what I see
when I pray. The Lord gives me these
things so we can either delay them,
stop them altogether, or they're going to
happen regardless, but He's warning me
about things that
are
about to manifest.
The
Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm mandating you to get
the weight off.'That was a year ago, and
He speaks to me way in advance
of what He believes is coming. He talks to
me about the oil, crypto, and many other things,
sometimes years in advance.
This is another thing I really
believe we're about to see
regarding
taking
DNA with AI and creating a virus, a superbug,
to
eliminate
obese people. It was created because
the obesity rates were so
astronomical.
There
are
things I see that are very dark,
and the Lord warns me about
what the enemy
is planning.
I don't get in
fear over it; I know that Jesus said
no weapon formed against me would
prosper.
He wants us to
listen to Him and
be quick to
obey in these last days.
He may say, 'Don't go to this
place,'and
if you go, it could cost
you your life. We need to
be quick to pray and obey.
I told you all I let food
dominate me, and I didn't
listen
last year,
but
now the Lord is
warning me to get the weight off, so
I'm working
on that.
He
will show you things to come.
In that last video, I
tried to
comfort you all to
listen to what the Spirit of the
Lord is saying
about the
enemy's plans
regarding
DNA code. I saw
the high blood
pressure medicine and diabetic medicine, and
they were using AI to make a super
virus.
We have authority in this
earth.
Revelation
talks about how
half
of the population of the world
will perish. A lot of these
things are coming for the Tribulation,
for Jacob's Trouble, for the seven
years.
I don't believe the church is
going to go through that. God's not a
wife-beater,
and I believe
we're going to be raptured out of
here before all this starts.
People want to
know if the financial crisis is going to
happen. The Lord
showed me
that
a lot of these things will manifest after the Rapture of the church.
The financial sector and all the major economic struggle
will happen after
millions
of us are
raptured out of here,
which
will cause a great economic crash.
They will bring in that Beast system, but
it didn't happen instantaneously when
the Rapture took place.
The chip and all those things
took time to get
around and get people ready for it.
Last night, I was praying and the
Lord told me
to go on
Pastor Paul Begley's channel and watch
his video.
I
listened to Mike from
Around the World and Pastor Paul Begley
talking about
the end times, where we are with the
red
heifer.
It stood out to me
because the prophetic
word the Lord gave me was that when
Passover comes, there's going to be an
acceleration of things beyond
what He told me about Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah.
This is going to be another time
of great
acceleration
with the economy, the war,
and
signs in the heavens.
It sounded to me like
they're wanting to sacrifice that
pure red heifer on Passover.
Here we are, according
to
what I heard Pastor Paul Begley
talking about,
seeing
an
acceleration take place at
Passover. There's fruit of it;
they're talking about sacrificing this
red heifer now.
It sounds like
a big end-times event.
Then
we have the big American eclipse
taking place on the 8th of April.
It's like a
snowball going down a hill, getting
bigger and bigger.
Jesus is
coming quickly. He said, 'My Son's return
for the bride is
imminent.'It's
time for
us to get serious.
I believe we're about to
see Gog and Magog,
the
war with Russia
and the hook in the mouth
pulling Russia down.
I'm going to play this
prayer video. Let's just pray.
The Lord told me,
'Brandon, we're about to see one
of the greatest manifestations of the
glory of God that this world has ever
seen.'Supernatural
healings and
manifestations of the glory of God
are
coming before
the
catching away. I believe
we're going to see
financial breakthroughs for people.
Bitcoin
is
already going back
up to record highs.
So,
let's get started and pray
with Sister
Billie
here.
Father, I thank
You,
Lord. We take up Israel now. We
pray
for
the military and the Mossad. All hands
on that now for the operation of God.
Lord,
we praise You for Your angelic
operation
for the nations of the earth.
America, you shall be saved!
Spirit
of
darkness,
loose your grip on this
nation
in
Jesus'name.
We
command
an
outpouring of God across this
land,
with
angelic assistance.
We
pray
that
America stays
out of it.
You demon spirit that has been in
operation over our White House, in the
name of Jesus, you
loose your hold and your grip.
I command
the
counsel
of
the
wise to see it.
We depend upon the help of the Holy
Spirit.
Father, things that are in Your
heart,
we
ask
You
for
that
nation.
We
ask
You
for
that possession of ours.
All Your operations
in the earth, the ones we see
and
the ones we don't,
are
flowing out.
There is help.
We're making power available
through
prayers lifted up.
We
pray
for
healings right
now.
It has been
reserved
for this
time.
Get
out! It's time to go!
Be
free
in
Jesus.
I want to
read something that Brother
Hagin
wrote.
These
moves of the Spirit come in waves.
There's
another wave coming,
but
we
have to enter
into a deeper realm of prayer
to
give birth to
what
God wants to do.
When
you pray in tongues, you give impetus to
the next move of God's Spirit before
that spiritual wave is ever seen.
God is calling us
to pray in these last days.
Before He comes, there's
something He wants to
do
through us, His body.
He's calling us to
yield to the promptings
of the Holy Ghost.
The next wave is about to
burst upon us in all of its glory.
We've seen the
healing revival,
the charismatic movement,
and
the wave of faith,
but now another
wave is coming: the wave of the Holy
Ghost. You've seen
the power in a limited
fashion, but a wave is coming
that will bring His power on a higher
level and in a far greater measure than
we've ever seen heretofore. I can see
that wave
building.
I'm convinced the wave that's
coming will be twice as high as what
we've seen in the
past. Glory to
God!
We walk in
boldness in these end times,
with
waves of the
glory of
God delivering people from satanic
bondage.
The European wave
is
coming down
all throughout England
and
upon the
nations.
Father, we just thank You
and
give You praise.
I
see manifestations
of the glory of God.
There is a
move of God
the
world has never seen before
about
to
happen—a
major
outpouring of the Spirit
right before the catching away of the
church. I want you to agree with me right now that there is a major
move of
God
happening in your house, your
finances, your marriage, and
your life.
The
'suddenlies'are
going to start to happen like popcorn in
your life.
Believe big in
2024.
That was powerful.
I'm
going to do more of these.
I
want to
encourage you all:
great things are going to
manifest for you and
your family. Don't give up.
The sky is not
falling; great days are ahead.
I
call you healed, whole, and well. Delivered
and
set free by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Today is a good day,
and God's a good God.
Thank you for joining me
and
praying with me.
We
are mighty together
as
a
unit,
praying all
over the world.
Put a smile on your face and a song on
your heart. Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all
and have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.